hey guys so there's a new cool series
called what's in my fridge and it's a
behind-the-scenes look at kitchens
refrigerators and pantries of top
youtubers i'm greg benson of mediocre
films Brussels sprouts stocks are in
cinnamon swirl bread makes the greatest
french toast ever ok guys so here's what
the inside of my fridge looks like
veggies and fruit and more veggies and
soy products and dairy products so click
here to learn more about your favorite
YouTube personalities and living on the
up and of course don't forget to
subscribe
maybe it's the Californian in me but my
grocery list is not complete unless I
buy avocados I buy them every two weeks
when I buy groceries and I always find a
ways to use them whether it is smoothies
salads on sandwiches making guacamole of
course but it's funny when I'm going to
buy my fruit I always see a bunch of
people kind of like digging through the
bin
looking for those perfectly ripe
avocados because clue they're going to
be making guacamole that day now I'll
give you a little
if you want you can actually buy your
avocados two to three days before you're
making your guacamole and what you do is
you stick them in a brown paper bag now
what a ripe avocado looks like is this
rich dark color it'll have a little give
to it but you don't want it to be super
soft because it's probably been bruised
and battered a little bit too much and
maybe over ripen but if you put them in
a brown paper bag store them in a cool
dark place for 12 to 24 hours you will
have to be perfect
avocado to make your guacamole and this
way you don't have to get banged up
fruit in hopes of making your guacamole
fresh hope this tip helped and look
forward to more kitchen cookies